or I've been family here round 2 of the
news on motocross national Jay Wilson in
each - winner for the day got to be
happy with your day mate yeah you know
it's been a good day I was a bit worried
this morning when we were coming here
and I was a bit wet
I thought the New Zealand guys were
gonna be pretty quick so pretty one line
this morning I struggled a bit but we
regrouped and the tracks it's gnarly I
Monroe to track this gnarly in a while
every room every straights got a rut in
it as soon as you land off a jump it's
got a rut so you have to be patient and
on your toes the whole time JC althom JC
a Yamaha team that just put in a massive
effort and that's an awesome bike well
Cody the memories of Taranaki are far
far gone now what a great day how you
feeling yeah I myself you know a date a
sulk about it and then got on with the
job
your racing we know answer to the
epitome a beautiful score one one one
but once the track as good as your wide
extended was those awesome it's Jimmy in
the backflips fan guys have done awesome
job you can see there there is some
awesome dude out there but you know
there's someone lines but um that's
where you got to focus on your stats and
use the one once the advantage
you